Hey, good evening, family.
How are y'all doing today?
Good morning, or wherever you are from.
I know it's late, but I thought I would come on and pray with y'all for a little bit before you all go to bed and go over some of the things we saw last time so I don't skip today.
I told Diana, "I feel in my heart to pray for a little bit.
" So I'm going to go on and pray with the family.
Instead of just praying by myself, I'll pray with y'all and see what the Lord shows us.
There's a lot going on in our beautiful nation.
I talked to a lady today and I want to pray for her family.
I told her I would, but I won't mention their names because I didn't ask for permission.
One is dealing with some real heavy pornography issues, and another was dealing with an addiction to medications like opioids.
Folks, it's an epidemic across this nation—more than what we realize, at least in my circle, until you start coming across people it's affecting majorly.
It's tragic, but we know who is greater, and it's our God.
We're going to pray for people tonight who have an addiction to pharmaceutical drugs.
I really have compassion for them after you talk to folks and find out that their family is strung out on this stuff.
It destroys lives.
It starts out probably really simple with pain or whatever you're going through, and then your body gets addicted to this stuff and you don't know how to get off of it.
It's the same problem with fentanyl and all these other things that come across the border, from oxycodone to Lortabs, whatever.
I'm not really familiar with all the names, but I know there are a lot of people dealing with this who do not know how to get off of it.
It's sad.
Then you have people addicted to pornography, looking at bad stuff on the internet.
It's so easily accessible in this generation, even more than when I was a teenager.
It's not just teenagers; it's adults.
It's become more grotesque with all these different sites and easy access to this stuff, and people are addicted and need help.
I'm going to tell you, Jesus came to set you free.
There's an expiration date to it.
I truly believe that if we lean in and trust in the Lord and get into the Word concerning things like addictions, bondages, and strongholds—major strongholds—Jesus came to set you free.
That's why I would encourage you to take communion every day, praying for your loved ones who are strung out on these drugs or alcohol.
One of her kids was strung out on alcohol, and he's getting better.
I believe it will continue—the manifestation of what they're believing for, for alcohol to be completely off this family.
It's all addictions.
The devil comes at you, and if you give him just a little bit, he'll push the door wide open and start to kill, steal, and destroy your life.
You think it's just innocent, just a little soft porn, and the next thing you know, you're in something so deep you don't even realize it.
It becomes live chats and all that other trash.
I know there's a lot of the body of Christ that needs help.
We're not here to shame you; we're here to help you.
We want to pray for you.
I love you and want to tell you that God has a plan for your life.
It's not to shame you or beat you down and make you feel inadequate, like God can't use you.
No, that's what the devil tries to make you feel like when you're addicted to these pills.
It starts messing with your personality and your mind because you've opened up demonic doors, and it starts messing with the hormones of your mind and everything else.
It's very serious.
So we'll pray for them tonight, and we'll pray for anyone else on here who has those addictions and bondages—whether you're bound to pornography, alcohol, gambling, or whatever.
I just feel in my heart to pray for all of you.
Braden had the idea from watching some of Alex Jones's clips.
Alex Jones does a long broadcast every day that goes for three or four hours.
Braden said, "You know, Daddy, he takes those segments on each one of his broadcasts, takes the highlights, and just makes one video on X for 10 or 15 minutes and highlights that conversation so people don't get lost in it.
" He said, "So that's what I'm going to do.
I'm going to take the highlight reel of your prayer sessions every time you pray.
If it goes two or three hours, we'll just upload it and do it like Alex Jones does.
We'll do 10-minute sections of the highlights of that prayer part.
They can pray with you if they feel led to, and if not, they can move on to the next one.
I'll split the video up over the course of a day or so and put little things in it and make it cool for them—maybe some graphics or whatever.
Then we'll put it on each one of the channels, and if they don't want to spend time watching the whole thing, then that's on them.
" He said, "At least we can let the Holy Spirit move, and if the people want to criticize, they can go watch the small ones.
" I thought, "That's pretty smart, Braden.
" He thought that through, and I was really proud of that.
He said, "Hey, Alex Jones did it, Daddy.
" I said, "Okay.
" So that's what we're going to do.
We uploaded one of them.
We have another one almost done about the roses.
I saw a bunch of roses—all really tight-stem roses—this last time.
It was beautiful how all of these roses, a bouquet of all white roses, were ready.
They had this beautiful lace wrapped around them.
You know how you can take tissue paper at the flower shop and wrap them in tissue paper or whatever, and it makes it like a really pretty thing for a homecoming queen, and they present it to the person?
This was wrapped in lace—all beautiful lace—and these flowers were all so tightly closed.
They were fresh roses, white as snow.
They were so beautiful, tight roses.
Then I saw the hoopa again.
The Lord showed me that hoopa with all the tinsel and the beautiful lights and the beautiful things about this hoopa and all of the carvings of olive wood.
The olive wood was all carved into this hoopa for the marriage supper.
It was symbolic of the ceremony, and the Lord is showing us He's getting ready.
It's symbolic.
I don't know if we're all standing underneath a hoopa, folks; I don't really believe that's what He's saying.
He's saying, "I'm coming.
I'm coming.
" I'm getting ready for the bride.
I'm getting ready for my church.
I'm getting ready for my ekklesia.
It's time for my church to wake up.
As I was looking at the roses and the preparations for this feast—what I told you about the tables and all the ceremony—I truly believe God is going to celebrate us as we come home.
As I was looking at all the attention to detail, how everything was polished and the varnish on the wood was so beautiful, all the beautiful leaves and the extensions on that hoopa were so perfect and designed for celebration.
As I was looking at it, you could get lost in all of it.
But then the Lord allowed us, as we continued to pray, to see into the tribulation.
I saw holes in the Statue of Liberty.
I saw massive sections of what looked like steel that had been pulled back and holes in the side of the Statue of Liberty with smoke.
It looked like it was burning, but you can't burn metal.
For whatever reason, smoke was coming out from the inside of the Statue of Liberty.
Not from the outside in, but from the inside out.
Whatever was burning was on the inside because smoke was coming up, and there were soot and dark smudges all on the side of the statue.
I could see the base of her feet and everything was dark with black marks, but there were holes all in the side of it.
As I was looking, I was able to see a view from afar, from the ocean in, and I could see all of New York burning.
It looked like something out of a bad movie.
There were buildings there, but there was smoke like when you light a bunch of tires on fire.
That's the kind of smoke that was coming out of New York.
There was so much fire and smoke.
As I was looking across America, at the rioting and the pillaging of this nation, I truly believe I was looking into the tribulation.
Even looking into Europe, I saw the Vatican on fire.
I could see Europe was on fire.
Rome—it was all fires.
If you go back to what I told you all, the moment the rapture happens, when the church and the covering is taken away, that prayer covering is gone.
When the church is removed, there's a peace that we experience every day of our lives.
We wake up and have a sense of peace without even realizing it.
There's a sense of a prayer covering from the church because we bring the salt and the light to this earth.
As we are here in this earth interceding for the nations—that's why we have this channel.
2,500 of you right now are watching.
We're prayer warriors.
We're hungry.
We're thirsty.
We're the ones that bring that light into the darkness.
I truly believe as the church is removed, based on what I experienced when I was allowed to see the tribulation with the Lord, that prayer covering is removed.
And there are Christians left here who are lukewarm.
I'm telling you, there are lukewarm Christians.
People say, 'Oh, Brandon, I don't believe that.
' No, I'm telling you.
The Bible says there were ten virgins.
Five had their lamps full of oil and five didn't.
All of them knew the bridegroom was coming, but five were expecting him and had their lamps full and ready, and five didn't.
They were all looking for him, but some had an earnest expectation and were prepared spiritually while the others weren't.
I believe that's a representation of the church.
There will be people left because they don't have their lamps full of oil.
I truly believe the parable of the virgins is talking about what's about to take place.
The Bible says he would rather you be hot or cold, but if you're lukewarm, he'll spew you out of his mouth.
He's looking for the ones right now who are hot for him—the ones right now who are on fire, who are all-in.
But for a good percentage of you, you like living on the fence.
You like living with one foot in the world and one foot in the church.
You may sleep around, have a little sex on the weekend, party, and drink while not being married.
You're sleeping around on your wife or your husband.
You have an open marriage.
You have all these things going on, and you think you're okay with the Lord, but you're so mistaken.
He would rather you be hot or cold, but you're lukewarm.
Some of you are so cold you could freeze.
I'm not trying to be funny.
I'm trying to tell you there is a time coming, and what's about to take place is a great shaking.
The church is not ready.
I keep going over this because it's on me to warn you.
If I were in that position where I didn't hear it all the time from the Holy Spirit echoing inside of me, I would want somebody to tell me even if I didn't tune in.
As I saw the fires burning across Rome, Italy, and France—I'm telling you, when I watched the tribulation with the Lord, the moment the rapture took place, everything was on fire.
People were rioting and pillaging and acting like fools in just a matter of seconds because that covering was gone.
For the first time in their lives, they woke up and didn't feel that peace.
They didn't have that sense of peace and joy they always had and never realized they possessed.
Even the most wretched sinner, even a murderer or a rapist, still feels it and they don't even realize it.
But you as a Christian feel it even more because he dwells on the inside of you.
As the world wakes up to the reality that tribulation has begun, there's a vast void, and people burn things and act crazy in a matter of seconds.
It's like a light switch comes on and they realize that something is very different.
I tell you all this because of what I saw in the visions concerning our prayer time two days ago.
It echoed inside of me to pray for the ones who are blinded.
The Bible says that Satan has blinded the eyes of the unbelievers, and according to Ephesians, we pray for the eyes of their understanding to be enlightened.
If you have unsaved loved ones—sons, daughters, husbands, wives, grandparents, aunts, or uncles—I believe the prayers of the righteous avail much.
I believe we're going to see our unsaved loved ones come to the saving knowledge of Jesus Christ before a shaking comes.
I truly believe this because of how merciful God is, and how he keeps saying, 'I extended time.
I don't want anyone to perish, but all to come to repentance.
' He said, "This is the first time in history that it is Me that makes the choice to end time.
" As a human being, you go through your whole life and I give you an opportunity.
It's appointed unto man once to die and after that the judgment.
It's appointed unto all of us once to die, but it's our choice whether we accept Jesus Christ as our Lord and personal savior.
But this is the first time in history that God says, "It's done.
It's time.
Time's over.
It's no more, son.
Go get them.
" This is the first time that He made the choice.
It's over.
Time's up.
Everybody has a point in time in life.
Usually, you could have 80 years.
On average, it's 60 or 70 years.
But at least you had time in your life.
You had a choice.
Whether you saw an ad on TV for a church and you felt that tugging, it says, "No man comes to the Father unless he's drawn by Him.
" But I guarantee you, because of the scripture that God so loved the world that He gave His one and only Son, that whosoever would believe in Him should not perish but all come to repentance.
He doesn't want anybody going to hell.
In fact, He didn't make hell for humans.
He made hell for the devil.
You go there because you choose it.
But when this dispensation of grace comes to an end, that's the timeframe when God says it's done.
He's so merciful.
He keeps giving time.
He keeps saying, "Brandon, call out.
Call again.
Give them another opportunity to accept my Son.
Tell them today that I love them.
Tell them today that they need to repent and change.
" I believe every single person that Jesus healed in the Bible wasn't a believer.
They weren't born-again believers.
They were sinners.
He came to save that which was lost.
But His grace was sufficient enough that even while we were yet sinners, Christ died for us.
I butchered that scripture.
My deaconess here can look out for me.
"Even when we were yet sinners, Christ died for us," I believe is what it says exactly.
But I want to say this: He died for every single one of you, even knowing that you were a sinner.
He loved you.
But He healed those that were all of them.
The one with the issue of blood, look at them.
They weren't all Christians.
They were unsaved.
But whenever He laid hands on them and they got healed, He would say, "Go and sin no more, lest a worse thing come upon you.
" He required them to change.
Even after He laid hands on them or touched them, He imparted grace.
He was merciful.
He said, "Go and sin no more.
" He didn't say, "Keep doing what you're doing.
You live the way you want to.
My grace is sufficient for you.
Just keep going and do how you want to.
I'll heal you by my mercy, but you can live the way you want to live.
" No, that's not what He said.
He told every single one of them they had to repent.
Even John the Baptist said, "Repent.
Turn.
" You must know Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal savior.
Unless a man is born again, he cannot enter into the kingdom of God.
That's what the word says.
It's appointed unto man once to die, and after that the judgment.
I'm telling you, to be absent from the body is to be present with the Lord.
That's what the Lord says to us in His word.
But I want to tell you this: you must repent.
You must change and turn from your wicked ways.
You're running out of time.
You don't understand that it's appointed unto man once to die.
No one is promised tomorrow.
The very shoes you put on your feet today to go to work or Walmart, the undertaker might be taking them off.
You might have a tragic car accident on the way home.
You just never know.
I want you to be assured inside of your heart that if you were to die today, where would you spend eternity?
If you were to die tonight in your sleep, where would you spend eternity?
You might be 80 years old and you can't sleep right now and you're watching this.
This might be your last moments on this earth, but you don't know Him.
That should scare the crap out of you.
Do you understand?
To be that close to spending eternity in hell if you don't know Jesus Christ is the biggest mistake you'll ever make.
You must know Him, my friend.
But not only that, He must know you.
There are a lot of people that claim they know Him.
The five virgins who thought they knew the bridegroom.
"Oh look, he's coming.
Can we borrow some of your oil?
" They weren't prepared for themselves.
They thought they could mooch off of somebody else's experience.
They thought they could experience the glory from somebody else's experience and borrow their oil.
But it's not somebody else's experience that's going to get you there.
It's not your mama's experience, your dad's, or your grandma's experience.
It's not their oil.
It's not the Holy Ghost inside of them that's going to get you there.
You can't rely on their experience to get you to heaven.
Do you know Him?
I have such an urgency to tell you tonight: you must know Him.
As I saw the flowers, as I see the wedding feast, as I see the buildings burning, and He keeps showing me this over and over again, and I see the Statue of Liberty with huge holes in it and the Vatican burning, and I see all the things the Lord shows me, it's always just a couple years out, sometimes ten.
Sometimes it's months, but it usually comes to pass in some way.
There is always the possibility it is altered by prayer.
That's why I told you: people say, "Brandon, you're a prophet.
" I'm an intercessor.
I intercede for the nations.
Most people go, "What does that mean?
" Well, I'm a watchman.
I tell you, I feel like the Lord's instructed me to tell you what I see coming.
And if it proves to be accurate, fine.
Keep listening.
If not, you say I'm flaky, then don't watch.
You can click it off just like you do anything else.
But I just wanted to tell you tonight, Jesus loves you and He has a plan for your life.
I don't know when He's coming.
No man knows the day or the hour.
But I'm going to tell you this: I have an urgency inside of my spirit as I pray for President Trump, as I see him drinking things.
And the Lord says, "Pray for him that they don't poison him.
Pray for him that they don't poison his food.
Pray for him if they're trying to figure out a way to hurt this man.
" Things fly by his ears.
How many times from the golf course to Pennsylvania has there been something that has been stopped that we don't even know about?
They haven't even told you because they're not going to announce everything.
I'm sure of the threats.
But I know that it's our job as the church to pray for our leaders—the governors, our mayors, our people of power.
Even now, you people of New York, you must pray for that man in New York.
And I know that will be very hard to do as he is as blatant as a communist.
God help him.
Muslim evil, evil, evil man.
And you voted him into power.
And like the Lord said, he lied to y'all.
You'll learn he'll lie to y'all.
I pray for God to shake this nation.
But now you pray for him to have a radical visitation from Jesus.
It's required of you to pray for your leaders.
The Bible says to pray for those who are in authority over us.
Pray for them.
You all voted them in, so you're going to have to pray for them now.
I pray for President Trump all the time.
I pray for his family.
I pray for his marriage.
The Lord told me to pray for his marriage.
There are things there that needed prayer.
He tells me all kinds of things to pray for that man.
I pray for his sons.
I pray for their marriages.
I pray for their children.
It's a continual prayer covering because it's what God's required us to do.
It's easier because when the Lord speaks to me specifically about the man, that he must finish his race, he must finish what God's called him to do because he's part of the end times.
I saw his buildings being attacked again.
I see him on fire.
I see attacks coming against him.
I see attacks against the White House.
I see attacks against all kinds of things.
The Lord keeps—that's why I come on here and I tell you all this.
You must pray.
I prayed against the Super Bowl.
But I'll go over what I saw, okay?
I saw New York City.
I saw the subway system.
I saw them blow up the underwater tunnels and they flooded them with water, and many people were dead within a couple of minutes.
All the mass transit in New York City—they're planning to attack it.
That's what I saw.
And it wasn't just in one place; it was in five major cities.
And I've already told you those cities.
If you're a student and somebody who follows me, you'll know who those five major cities are.
That's what I was trying to tell you all to pray about.
But a lot of times when you bring things on there that are that heavy across the public platform, I question it.
I go, 'Well, Lord, should I say that or not?
' But I tell these things because, you know, maybe you'd be one that rides the subway.
But it was flooded, and all the water flooded in within just seconds.
And there was no way for the emergency crews to get to the people.
They were drowned.
Millions of gallons of water flooded every one of them.
It was the same in Chicago.
It was the same in these areas.
I don't know how it happens, but I saw water.
So, is it a big deal?
Yes.
But is it something that I don't want to talk about on this platform very often?
No.
There's a lot of things that I see that I don't feel comfortable talking about, but I tell you if I feel led to.
I told you I was bold enough to tell you about Donald Trump's food.
So I just keep pushing.
You know, it's not easy to come on here and tell you I see a president's food being poisoned.
I see a president...
I don't know what I'm seeing, but I feel like this is what's going to happen.
And we must pray for him.
Do you know how hard it is sometimes to come on here and say that kind of stuff?
But I do it.
After it was over, the devil, I'm telling you, tried to rake me over the coals: 'You idiot, you should never say that.
' Talking over and over in my mind.
I said, 'Shut up, Satan.
' That's when I know it's accurate.
That's whenever I know even more that it's accurate—whenever he comes to try to torment me because he doesn't want the effectual prayers of the righteous to avail much.
So we pray for the president.
We pray for his children.
We pray for his health.
We pray for his heart.
We pray for his legs.
We pray for his arteries, for strokes, for blood clots.
And we pray over our nation that they do not keep this government shut down before Thanksgiving because mass chaos in the airports will be there for the Thanksgiving holidays.
And I saw a strategic plot concerning the airways for the holiday season, betting that they will not open our government.
And I even saw how it was created.
And the Lord said to me, 'Pray.
' So I do.
I do my job, and I'm thankful for every single 4,300 of you that come on here and pray.
Pray over our airways for the FAA.
Is that right?
FAA?
That's the people...
TSA.
Thank you, TSA.
Pray for the TSA that they show up.
They're not getting paid right now, some of them.
And I specifically saw Atlanta.
Pray over Atlanta airport.
Pray over Chicago airport.
Pray over Washington D.
C.
's airport and Boston's airport.
Pray over these people that they're overwhelmed and people aren't showing up for work because we have a government that is absolutely goofy, not even opening up things and bringing security and safety.
They had to stop a thousand flights today.
A thousand flights were cancelled and I thought, 'Wow, how much more for in the next two weeks, three weeks?
' We must open our government back up and we must get people back to work and we must pray for the Supreme Court justices.
The Lord said this is not an option.
The Supreme Court justices will rule in the favor of the tariffs.
We will see this for helping our economy.
He said, 'Don't,' because I was like, 'Lord, what if it doesn't?
' He said, 'Failure is not an option.
You must pray for the hearts of them to go with this, for if it does not, the American economy is in trouble.
This is the rescue plan.
' And I just pray.
I saw him paddling with all his heart.
He's sweating.
And it was symbolic.
He's trying to help us because I told you we were already at the point of no return concerning the finances, but he's keeping it afloat.
This is not something that's going to stop it forever.
It's just buying you time.
A 1930s-style crash is coming eventually.
People get so mad about that.
'He's saying all this stuff.
' Listen, let the elevator go to the top.
Look at the deficit of this nation.
We're 40 trillion dollars in the hole.
How much credit card debt is over the average American person?
And we already know what the Bible says, that there's a beast system that's rising, a one-world order.
That's what the Bible says.
So, we already know what the Bible says is coming.
And if you truly believe we're in the last days, we're right at the edge of this.
But God said, 'I'm giving you a little time for the church to bring in the finances for the great harvest that I'm wanting to come in.
It will cost money.
' Well, it's not—'It's just free, brother, to have it.
' You've never run a church then.
That shows how ignorant some people are.
'We don't need money to do that.
' Are you kidding me?
Whenever I worked for a megachurch, our electricity bill for that church in the summer, because it was so hot, was $17,000 a month just to keep the air on.
The water bill was thousands because everybody wanted to flush the toilet, and food and water and things like that for activities.
If they ordered pizza, it was thousands.
But you don't need money?
And it's like, do you understand?
It costs money.
So, we're believing God for supernatural funds for the end times.
That's what you're believing for.
You need to.
It's not just us four and no more; you should be believing for your church to be paid off so that your pastor doesn't have stress over the top of him where he goes, 'Man, I don't know how we're going to make it if the economy crashes.
' Because guess what?
They're not going to be merciful on the megachurches that have notes on their buildings and they can't pay because people aren't paying their tithes.
So, we need to believe God for supernatural money to pay off this stuff so that they don't have all that stress on them.
I believe in 'owe no man anything but to love him.
' So, we need to believe for the supernatural extra.
Don't go into debt.
Debt makes you a slave to the lender, and it's terrible.
So, you do the best you can.
But I believe God is exceedingly abundantly above all that we ask or think.
It's the same thing when it comes to everything; I'm always believing God for a creative idea to bring it in.
Show me.
If you show these people creative ideas and inventions, you can show me.
I messed up.
I went off on the road telling you about the salvation altar call, and I went off on that other trail, and that was not the Holy Spirit to do that at that moment.
If you're watching this and you felt the pulling on your heart and Jesus was tugging at you, I apologize.
I apologize to you.
I messed up.
If you're here right now and that tugging was on your heart and you felt it and you said, 'Brandon, I would just like to accept Jesus Christ as my Lord and personal savior right now,' I told you it is appointed for man once to die and after that judgment.
But if you've never accepted Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal savior and you feel that stirring on the inside of you—you felt it earlier and me being insensitive to the Holy Spirit right then—I apologize.
But I want to give you an opportunity before I move on.
If you've never experienced Jesus Christ and confessed him as your Lord, tonight's your night.
I want you right now to get serious about Jesus.
He's standing at your door and he's knocking at your heart.
All the things I told you about the tribulation, all the things I've told you about the marriage supper, I want you to make a choice tonight.
Either way, you're making a choice.
If you don't choose him, you're still making a choice.
But I want you to choose the right decision.
Make the right choice, make the right decision, and accept Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal savior.
And if you're here tonight and you've never accepted the Lord or you used to know him and you're living in sin, you've backslidden, you're not living right, and you're watching this right now, I want you to make a choice.
I want you to say in the comment section right now: 'I want to be saved.
I want to be saved.
I need Jesus and I want to be saved.
' I'm asking the Lord to forgive me tonight.
I need help.
I've been strung out on drugs, I'm strung out on pornography, and I'm strung out on these things.
You have all these things you're going through, but tonight's your night and you want to be free.
You want help.
We're going to pray for that.
Also, you may be strung out on drugs or pills, prescription drugs, but you're here tonight and you're saying, 'I need help.
Would you please pray for me?
' Just say in the comment section, 'I need prayer tonight.
I want somebody to pray for me.
I've been strung out on drugs, sex, pornography, and alcohol.
I just need somebody to pray for me tonight.
' There's two categories, but tonight's your night and you're here and you just need prayer or you need to be saved.
Type 'two' if you want to be saved.
Type 'one' if you want prayer just for drugs or pornography or something, or 'three' for both.
Maybe you're strung out on all of it and you need help with all of it.
Maybe it's three.
Maybe you're a two; you need to get saved.
But I want to say a prayer for all of you tonight.
I'll lump it all into one.
But I'm telling you, if you're here, it's not by accident.
It's almost 11 o'clock at night.
I've talked for over an hour, but I know in my heart that God said, 'I want you to go on there tonight and pray with my people and talk to them.
Give them an opportunity.
Tell them I'm coming.
' And I say, 'I'll do it, Lord.
It is late.
Who would be on here so late?
' And we have 4,600 people right now.
And I'm telling you, this might be your opportunity.
This might be your only opportunity to accept Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal savior.
Or you may be so strung out on drugs; you might overdose tonight.
Who knows?
But I'm telling you that it's not a coincidence that you're here.
And I just want to pray with you.
And if this is ministering to you right now and you feel that tug on your heart, I want you to be bold about it and tell everybody.
We're not here to condemn you.
We're not here to hit you and say, 'Oh, you're this or that.
' We're here to tell you we love you and we're here to pray for you.
But I want you to be bold about your decision.
I'll give you a couple of seconds here and then I'm going to pray for you.
But tonight's your night for your breakthrough.
Tonight's your night to accept Jesus Christ.
Tonight's your night to get free.
Tonight's your night.
Say, 'I want to be free.
I don't want to live this anymore.
I don't want to be strung out on these pills anymore.
I don't want to be strung out on porn anymore.
I don't want to be strung out on alcohol.
I don't want to smoke dope anymore.
I'm having a real problem with marijuana since they made it legal, spending my life high all the time.
' But you're just trying to bury the pain inside.
Something more is deep inside.
You're hurting so bad.
But Jesus came to set you free tonight.
Usually that's what drugs or alcohol is trying to do: you're just trying to bury the pain, sexual addictions, all kinds of things.
But we want to say a prayer for you right now.
I want you to say this prayer with me with your whole heart.
The Bible says with the heart confession is made unto salvation.
And I believe that tonight as you confess your sins, he is faithful and just to forgive you of your sins and cleanse you of all unrighteousness.
So I want to say this prayer and then we'll go to them for a little bit and then we'll close.
Say: 'Jesus, I believe you're the son of God.
I believe you died for me and you rose again on the third day.
Jesus, I'm a sinner and I need a savior.
I ask you to forgive me for all the things I've done wrong.
Jesus, from this day forward, I turn my back on the world.
I turn my back on the devil.
I turn my back on all the sin that I've been committing.
And I ask you to help me.
I repent of my sins.
I turn from my wicked ways, but I can't do it on my own.
I need you.
And the only way I'm going to get through this is by your grace and by your mercy, Jesus.
I ask you to forgive me of all the stuff I've been doing.
Write my name in the Lamb's book of life.
I'll serve you all the rest of my life, and from this day forward I'm sold out to you.
Thank you Lord that today I'm saved.
Thank you Lord that today I'm free in the name of Jesus.
' Now I'm going to pray for the people who have addiction problems.
That was the altar call for salvation.
Now Father, is there anybody that needs to be free from addictions?
Okay.
Father, I thank you, Lord.
I come in an agreement with you right now for every person who's been dealing with pornography.
You're looking at bad stuff all the time, but you just don't know how to get free from it.
But Jesus said he would cast no one out, that all can come to the receiving knowledge of Jesus Christ and come to repentance.
And tonight, all those addictions, all those things from alcohol to pornography to cigarettes or whatever you may be overcoming, it's all under the blood.
And right now we repent of it first.
You've got to repent of it.
And then we kind of attack it in the spirit and say, 'Satan, you've got to let them go.
' But Father, we repent of it.
And as we repent of it, we turn from it and we're not going to touch it anymore.
But Holy Spirit, we ask you to become so real to us and that this burden—for you said the anointing is the burden-removing, yoke-destroying power.
And from this day forward, from pill addictions to alcohol, from pornography to all these things, we command you in the name of Jesus Christ of Nazareth: let these people go.
Let them go now in the name of Jesus.
We command every foul devil of stronghold of addiction to be broken off of their life in the name of Jesus.
And Your word says, 'Whom the Son has set free is free indeed.
' And we call them free in the name of Jesus.
We say, 'Father, we get in the word,' and the Bible says we will know the truth and the truth of God's word will set us free and make us free.
I thank You that tonight's a new night.
Father, we dedicate ourselves to You, that Holy Spirit, You will deal with this.
You will just burn this out of our lives—healing every part of their brain, from chemistry, from the hormones, from looking at this stuff, from the addiction to the chemistry and the hormone imbalances in our bodies.
I thank You, Lord, that they're healed and whole and well in the name of Jesus.
Delivered from opioids, from fentanyl, to alcohol.
We thank You, Lord, that that foul devil from hell releases them right now in the name of Jesus and lets them go.
Let them go in the name of Jesus.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that the blood of Jesus Christ covers them and we call that devil out of them and we say, 'Let them go' in Jesus' name.
They will not be bound by this demonic spirit anymore.
Thank You, Father, that You're drying it up.
You're drying it up by the power of the Holy Ghost.
We call that dried up in Jesus' name over their eye gates—that, Father, it would make them nauseous just to look at people doing that stuff on the computer anymore.
It would make them nauseous, sick to their stomach.
They say, 'I can't.
It's repulsive.
' It's repulsive to You, Lord.
It's repulsive to them.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that they would even dream about it.
They would say, 'Lord, I don't want it anymore,' that You would visit them in their dreams.
You would visit them in their sleep and say that all that demonic from Incubus to succubus—that's what I'm hearing—is free from them in Jesus' name.
You foul devils of pornography, let these people go, men and women.
I'm hearing the Lord say men and women.
It's not just a men's problem; it's a women's problem too.
The Lord said, 'All kinds of people walking through perversion tonight, and you're being set free.
' Tonight is your night for your expiration date to pornography.
Tonight is the expiration date for pill addiction and alcohol addiction.
Tonight is the night that Jesus Christ sets you free.
You're going to believe it and you receive it.
Now find scriptures that pertain.
Every time you feel the urge to go do things like that—alcohol or whatever you feel the urge to go do—find scriptures that pertain.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that You came to set the captives free.
Find scriptures and read those scriptures every time you want to go and take a pill.
Read a scripture.
Read that scripture over and over and over again until it says—the Bible says in James 4:7, 'Submit yourselves therefore unto God.
Resist the devil and he will flee.
' Submit yourselves therefore unto God.
So we submit ourselves by getting in the word.
We submit ourselves by doing what the word says.
We read this word, you'll know the truth and the truth will set you free.
'Submit yourselves therefore unto God.
Resist the devil and he will flee.
' Satan, I will not do this anymore.
I don't belong to you.
I call myself free from pills.
I call myself free from alcohol.
I'm submitting myself to You, Lord, and You will set me free.
He said, 'You will know the truth and the truth will set you free,' the truth of God's word.
So you Google and find scriptures on the Bible app.
You say, 'There are scriptures on addiction, scriptures on alcoholism, scriptures on pornography,' or whatever.
And on the Bible app—usually Life.
Church has that good one; it's called the Bible app or whatever—you go in there and you can type that in and it'll pull up all the scriptures.
Find them.
Make them real to you.
When you get real with God, God will become real to you.
Let God become alive inside of you by letting this word of God get in you.
It will change you from the inside out.
The word of God will change you from the inside out.
You can't fight a devil empty.
You must be full of the word of God.
It's like my friend Billy says, 'Let your full fight for you.
Let your full fight for you.
' So get full on the word of God tonight.
Get this word down inside of you.
And that's the only thing.
I don't care; it's not any five-step program.
You know, you go to AA—it's helped folks.
But I'm telling you, the real truth behind it is, no matter how much AA has helped folks, the word of God helps you more than anything else.
It's alive.
Find scripture and stand on it.
Write it down and memorize it and get it in your heart.
And if you fall down and you look at something bad, if your fingers just go stupid and type something in, you repent immediately and shut the door.
Shut the door.
'Father, I repent and I shut the door.
I don't want to keep going down this road.
Lord, I repent and I shut the door.
' When you go and you have an urge to take a pill or whatever—however you do it, I don't know, shoot in your arm—'Oh God, I don't want this anymore.
' I thank You that You're drawing this out of my life.
I'm free from this.
Every time you've got a puff on a cigarette, or you go out there smoking weed, or you're doing whatever, and you're drawing on that tobacco or your weed or crack or whatever: 'Father, I thank You, Lord, that You came to set the captives free.
' What was it, Romans?
Faith calls those things that be not as though they were.
Okay.
And I'm free from tobacco.
Faith calls those things that be not as though they were.
And I'm free from pornography.
I'm free.
I'm free from alcohol.
I'm free from pills.
You've got to say that stuff.
Your mountain has to hear your voice.
So you've got to say that out of your mouth and you believe it.
Faith calls those things that be not as though they were.
So, that was part of that.
I told the lady I'd pray for her family, and that was my agreement that I would do that.
We love you all, and we don't want any of you...
Romans 4:17.
Is that it?
That's it.
Romans 4:17.
I knew it was in Romans; I just didn't remember the street address.
The street address always kind of throws me off.
It's 4:17.
Romans 4:17.
That's the street address.
So, there's a whole bunch of street addresses in there.
It gets—it's kind of overwhelming to a new believer.
That's why you start off with something small: read Proverbs and Psalms and keep watching that over and over and over again and reading that.
And you can go and start reading the gospels: Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John.
It'll change you from the inside out.
Sixty-eight people gave their heart to Jesus Christ tonight.
All to the glory of God.
Every single one of you, we're so excited that you accepted the Lord tonight—all sixty-eight of you.
Now, if you just made Jesus Christ your Lord and personal Savior, welcome to the family.
Welcome to the family.
Now, I would find a Bible-believing church to go to.
I want you to go to a Bible-believing church.
A non-denominational is where Diana, my wife, and I would go.
Go to a non-denominational church and plug yourself in there.
Tell the pastor, 'I just got born again on YouTube and I want to be water baptized.
' Get water baptized there; get plugged in there.
Go Wednesdays, go Sundays, go to prayer group—whatever you've got to do to keep your flame fanned.
Don't go back to what you had before.
You've got to stay in the word and you've got to stay around believers.
Do not forsake the assembling of yourselves with the brethren.
That means do not skip church.
You have to go to church and get yourself plugged in; that is what I am trying to tell you all.
Brandon, you know it is late.
Get plugged in.
Get water baptized.
Find a Bible and read it.
If you cannot afford a Bible, my wife and I would love to give you your first Bible for free.
All you have to do is email us; there is an email address in the description or the comments below.
Email us and put in the headline, 'I just got born again on your channel and I would like a free Bible, please.
' Diana and I will send you a free Bible just because we want to celebrate your decision tonight to give Jesus Christ your heart.
All glory to Jesus.
Now, we are going to go to the other part.
If you all want to pray for a little bit, I will pray with you.
I know it is late, but I did what the Lord had asked me to do in this part.
He did not say anything about the prayer, but He wanted me to lead people to Jesus tonight.
Tonight, pray for it.
500 addicts got set free tonight.
I believe with all my heart that tonight is the night of a new beginning for you.
Thank you, Father.
All 500 of them are getting free.
All glory to Jesus.
I am so glad you all came.
I hope you enjoy doing this with me—praying and being a part of our little prayer community here.
It is pretty awesome.
We are up to over 580,000 of you, almost 581,000, and we give all the glory to Jesus for it.
It is exciting.
We love what we are doing every single day, leading people to Jesus.
68 people gave their hearts to the Lord; 84 last time.
So, Father, we just lift up this time before You.
We pray for a little bit.
Lord, whatever You have on Your heart, we are so grateful for every single person who is represented here tonight.
We thank You, Father, for the body.
We take this body in the name of Jesus, and we thank You, Lord, that we are healed, whole, and well by Your stripes.
We thank You, Father, that whom the Son has set free is free indeed in the mighty name of Jesus.
Amen and amen.
Oh, take the body.
Lord, we plead the blood, and I plead the blood over my eyes.
I thank You, Lord, as we pray over our nation and as we pray over our president.
We thank You, Lord, for the blood that covers this nation.
We thank You, Lord, that Your hand is on us and upon us, and You have chosen us and called us for such a time as this.
If we make much of the blood, the blood makes much of us.
We apply the blood over us tonight.
We apply the blood all around us tonight and over my family, over my wife, and over our finances.
Thank You, God, for how good You have been to us today.
Thank You, Lord, for all that You provided for us today.
Thank You, God, for taking care of me, my wife, and my kids.
Thank you, Father; You have been so good to us.
Thank You, Father, that You always provide for us and that we lack no good thing.
Father, I thank You for the hearts of the people that You have called to be around us, and they help us.
You are such a good God, Lord.
We plead the blood in Jesus' name.
Amen and amen.
You believe it; He is a good God.
He has gifts and surprises: finding money, bills paid off, blessings increase.
I believe there is an expiration date to your hard times.
There is an expiration date to the things that you struggle with.
There is an expiration date for it.
It is not meant for us to go through the storm all the time, folks.
We call peace to the storms.
It is not meant for you to go through hard times all the time.
I know sometimes we are refined; there is refining and things happen.
But I am going to tell you this: we walk through the valley of the shadow of death, but we fear no evil.
His rod and Thy staff comfort us.
He prepares a table before us in the presence of all our enemies.
I like those bottles that are squeeze-type like that; isn't that nice?
I do not make a mess of myself.
I see...
it is like you have a hole in your lip and water is dripping.
Father, I thank You, Lord, for Your hand on this house, and I thank You, Lord, that I hear Your voice uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic spirit.
Father, I thank You that uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic spirit, You speak through my vocal cords and think through my mind.
None of me and all of You in Jesus' name.
All right, there we go.
I said it right that time; you have to get your brain going.
That is it.
So, Father, we thank You, Lord.
We plead the blood.
We apply the precious blood of Jesus.
Open the eyes of our hearts, Lord.
If there is anything You want to show us, if there is anything we can help You with, Father...
Okay.
He said, 'Pray over these things and you can go.
' Listen, this is where He is at.
20 minutes; we got this.
Listen to me right now.
We are going to pray over our unsaved loved ones.
We are going to pray over the nation, over this Supreme Court justice, and over these people holding back the budget for our military and everybody else to get their money.
So, Father, right now in the name of Jesus, we pray over South Korea and Australia.
Father, we thank You, Lord, that every single nation represented here tonight other than America, we call for Holy Ghost and fire over their nations.
We call for revival in China, North Korea, and Vietnam.
Father, there are so many going through so much communism right now.
But I know that the gospel must be preached throughout the whole world as a witness unto You, and then the end will come.
I thank You, Lord, for the open doors of opportunity to preach this gospel throughout all the world—Iran, all of them.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that the glorious church will rise.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that it would overwhelm the governments in these areas where they try to suppress and oppress the gospel being preached.
I thank You, Lord, that the glorious church will rise without spot or wrinkle, and that the fire and the anointing of the Holy Ghost will go before it and prepare a way and set the captives free.
This will be the biggest harvest, the largest harvest of souls this world has ever seen.
Father, we will see the blinded eyes open and the deaf ears open.
Father, the lame will leap, the tongue will speak.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that the dead will be raised.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that this is a time like we have never seen before.
Lord, I thank You for an impartation of the anointing of the Holy Ghost on Your people—that Your sons and Your daughters, Your warriors, will rise up in the name of Jesus.
This message will spread like a tsunami wave, and the glorious church will rise in South America, Africa, Asia, Europe, and the Middle East.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that every single nation represented here will see glory from sea to shining sea—Canada and Mexico.
Father, we thank You, Lord, for the glory of the Lord is risen upon us.
We arise and shine, for the light has come and the glory of the Lord is risen on us.
We apply the blood over our nations tonight, and we call forth finances in the name of Jesus so that we have more than enough to get the job done and lack no good thing.
We call our marriages whole and healthy and well in Jesus' name, and our children are raised up in a godly home; and Father, when they get older, they will not depart from it.
We call our children on-fire for Jesus.
We call our children on-fire and Holy Ghost filled, radical young Davids and Esthers.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that the glory of the Lord is resting on our children.
Satan had a plan, but God's plan is bigger, and Your plan destroys the devil's plan.
And we apply the blood over our children tonight.
We apply the blood over their lives.
We apply it over any assignment, over the demonic assignments that are sent to try to kill, steal, and destroy.
I plead the blood of Jesus over our children tonight, Father, that they're home and they're safe.
And if they're wayward and ran away from home or they're in trafficking or wherever they may be, Father, we call them home in Jesus' name.
Angels of the Lord, go and get our children; bring them home in Jesus' name.
And we thank you, Lord, that you're stirring in them right now that they would call and say, 'Mom, dad, I'm over here.
Grandma, grandpa, whoever is still alive.
' Father, we thank you, Lord, that they would tell them where they are in the midnight hour.
Even, Father, they would call and say, 'I'm over here.
I'm over there, wherever I'm safe or where I need help.
' Father, I thank you, Lord, that you're bringing them home.
They're like the prodigals.
Father, we call the prodigals home.
There's no lost cause.
We call them home before Christmas in the name of Jesus.
Angels, go and help us right now.
Thank you.
It's like Billy said: the same angel that helped Peter get out of prison.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you're helping them.
Whoever those are that helped those in the Bible that were in bondage and needed help, send those angels.
Send them the same angels because they have experience; that's what he always says: they have experience.
We thank you, Lord, that we have angels that have experience in getting the job done.
And we call our kids saved; we call our kids delivered.
None of them are too far gone.
Father, you're stirring in their hearts right now, even in the midnight hour, in the name of Jesus.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that the Holy Spirit that stirred in us and got us born again, you're doing it in our kids and in our loved ones.
Father, I call for revival across this nation.
We pray over our president and our Supreme Court.
We say in the name of Jesus that you will decide and do the things that need to be done, that they'll not have any demonic influence outside trying to infiltrate and cause havoc, trying to pay them off.
We call for integrity in our court system in the name of Jesus, and that they would do what the Constitution says to do.
I thank you, Father.
We apply the blood and we rise up as daughters and sons and children of the Most High God.
We rise up, Father.
We thank you, Lord, for the Olympics.
We call confusion in the enemy's camp.
And Father, any plans, plots, or any kind of terrorist activity over our holiday season—over Thanksgiving, our travel, our subways—that they would all be brought to justice in the name of Jesus and exposed by Homeland Security and the FBI.
I thank you, Lord, for our local law enforcement and our sheriff's department.
Father, they would see and know.
We plead the blood over our college games and our basketball games, whatever they may be, massive gatherings.
We call protection over our law enforcement.
Father, that they would uncover plots in homecoming games or whatever.
I'm sure all homecoming games are over now, but Father, we thank you, Lord, that they're all covered.
We cover our football and our basketball and all our sports.
Thank you, Father, for tailgate parties.
We praise you, Father, that you have called us to the kingdom for such a time as this.
And we stand as watchmen on the wall.
And we pray over this beautiful nation.
And we thank you, Lord, that the angels of the Lord are camping around our houses.
That a thousand should fall at our side and ten thousand at our right hand, but nothing shall come nigh.
And that's including flu, coronavirus, anything.
Father, we walk in divine health.
I thank you, Lord, that we're not subject to corona, the flu, or stomach bugs.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that Jesus Christ paid the price for us to walk in victory over corona, the seasonal flu, and all of it.
He paid the price for us to walk in victory.
And we thank you, Lord, that you are our Holy Spirit flu shots and our Holy Spirit corona shots.
You protect us and watch over us.
We apply the blood of Jesus over us tonight.
And we thank you, Father, for your angels that are watching over us.
We thank you, Lord, for your blood and your grace.
We thank you, Lord, for your hand on the marriages that are here tonight.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for a rekindling of love in the households.
Where strife would be in the marriages, it causes so much uneasiness in the household.
We thank you, Lord, that there's peace in the marriages represented here.
It's heaven on earth when they're in their houses.
There's just love.
There's an overflow of love in the house, not fighting and bitterness and strife.
The husband's not afraid of the wife and the wife's not afraid of the husband.
There's peace in the homes.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that the husbands honor their wives and they're praying because they don't want their prayers to be hindered, and the wives are honoring their husbands.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, that there's a blessing and a flow of the Holy Ghost on the homes in the name of Jesus.
We praise you and give you glory over the protection of President Trump's food tonight.
We thank you, Lord, that every food he eats, no matter what he drinks, Father, no deadly thing will come nigh him, Melania, the vice president, or the Supreme Court justices.
No deadly thing will come nigh their food.
I thank you, Lord, that every price tag, every plot for a bounty on any of their heads, the blood of Jesus Christ covers them.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, that whatever plan the enemy has, Father, I thank you that you're uncovering it way before they even do it, you uncover it and you bring them to justice.
Father, you're a good God.
We are the victors.
We have victory in Jesus, my Savior forever.
I thank you, Lord, for the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade.
We call a hedge of protection all around the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade.
We thank you, Lord, that there's no semis or trucks trying to run into the people, no mass casualties of any kind.
There's protection around that parade in Jesus' name.
In the next three weeks, every plot against New Year's Eve or Black Friday shoppers, we call forth protection over the Mall of America shoppers and Walmart shoppers to be protected from any mass shootings events like they were trying to do during Halloween and the Jihad Day or whatever they're going to do.
Father, in Michigan, I thank you, Lord, that every plot during this Black Friday shopping is brought to justice in the name of Jesus.
And they expose themselves; they would know exactly the chatter, and we would catch onto the chatter and expose it in the name of Jesus.
All Black Friday shopping is protected in the name of Jesus.
We thank you, Lord, that the economy is booming.
We call the economy to boom, crypto to soar, gold to soar, silver to soar, and the housing market to soar.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that credit is going to be better.
Everything's going to be better.
Father, we're calling a turnaround for a window in Jesus' name, for the wealth of the sinner to be laid up for the righteous in the name of Jesus, that this wave would take place before the Christmas season.
A major supernatural wealth transfer begins now in the name of Jesus.
We're calling it in, and we call those things that be not as though they were in the mighty name of Jesus.
Everybody say amen on that.
Do you agree?
And we believe we receive supernatural blessing and that, Father, it starts even with our Supreme Court.
They pass this budget and get these things done, and it starts even in Europe and all over Canada.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for a radical move of God, even in Canada, that we're always in the right place at the right time doing exactly what you've called us to do.
And we believe we receive it and our churches are safe as people go to church tomorrow for their Sunday services.
We thank you, Lord, for supernatural protection.
And it continues through the Christmas season at Rockefeller Center, where they're going to light the tree.
Father, we cover that in the name of Jesus.
We already pray over that event and that there's a flow of the Holy Ghost and that, Father, the law enforcement have their eyes open.
They're looking and they're not distracted in the name of Jesus, the same with all our security in the airports.
Thank you, Father.
Well, I prayed in English.
I felt the anointing after that, that what the Lord wanted was the altar call tonight.
Whoever we are praying for, I believe you got saved.
That's what the Lord wanted.
There was somebody he was after.
I know he was after all of you, but he said, 'Brandon, I want you to go on there and do what we did.
' And we did that, and we obeyed.
So every single one of you is special.
But he said, 'Brandon, go on there and do what we did.
' And I'm excited we did it.
As late as it is—it's almost midnight—so God bless you all.
If you're new here and you've never subscribed to my channel, please help me.
Subscribe to this channel, click the notification bell if you've not ever done that before, and comment something nice down below.
Tell us how we're doing.
If you're enjoying this channel and it's a blessing to you and you're getting something out of it—if you're getting fed spiritually, if you're learning something about prayer—give us positive feedback if you can.
And if you want to be ugly about it and you don't like it, then just don't say anything at all.
But at least we know if we're on the right road for some of you.
If you say, 'Hey, this is changing my life; you feel that God is bringing you up higher in your prayer time,' and you're learning something, I always appreciate the positive feedback about what's going on with your life.
If you're feeling impartation, if you're feeling like God is doing something, it's encouraging.
Braden likes to read it and he tells Daddy—he tells me now—I couldn't read it anymore; it distracts me too much.
I have to follow what the Holy Spirit tells me to say regardless if you agree with it or not.
But I wanted to say the emails today about the whole thing earlier about Paul Bailey—I feel like I addressed that pretty well.
I did it all in love.
So God bless you all and we appreciate you being a part of our YouTube community.
We always close by saying this: Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you.
And we'll see you again tomorrow on Sunday night prayer.
God bless you all.
Bye-bye.